Presentation Skills:
	Preparing the presentation:
		Struture and desing:
			For presentation will have a beginning, a middle and an end.
			Each of these sections are extremely important to refine.
			
			Planning the presentation:
				The structue and design of a presentation will be delivered from this.
				Ask yourself the following:
					Training
					Demonstratuion
					Sales pitch
					Design proposal
				Before the presentation:
					Pratice makes perfect.
					Always complete run-throughs.
					Needs to be tailored to the audience.
				The introduction:
					It's imperative that is done confindently and engagingly.
					Engage the audience as quickly as possible.
					Introduce yourself.
					Include a structure contents page to let the audience know what is being discussed.
				The main content:
					Cover the subject in logical order
					Ensure that you are referencing and repeating important points when needed.
					Give the audience a handout if they are needed.
					Include visuals when relevant.
				The wrap-up:
					Ensures the audience gets what you're talking about.
					(Look at slides)

		Body language:
			Smiles all round.
			Make eye-contact.
			Discuss with an open body- don't fold your arms, keep your head up, move around.
			Connect with the audience.

			Time management:
				Either run over time or finish with a lot of time left, is bad!!!!
				Time yourself and see how long the presentation goes.

			Notes and scripts:
				You want to look at your audience wilst talking to them, rather than a sheet of paper.
				You should rehearse a dialogue for a presentation- don't be over-relient on slides.
				Cue cards are extremely helpful in a presentation.

			Slide content:
				Bullet points for key points - not paragraph worth of content.
			
			Images and visuals:
				They can increase understanding and save space... (look at slides)

		Delivery:

		Understanding what not to do during the presentation: